hello everybody on a Saturday night
welcome to a live broadcast of a Prairie
Home Companion a Prairie Home Companion
it was a live radio variety show the
kind that died fifty years ago but
somebody forgot to tell them until this
night what are you writing poem what's
it about suicide
big corporation down in Texas had bought
up the radio station this isn't really
gonna be your last show is it every
shows you last year that's my philosophy
Thank You Plato it was curtains and
everybody knew it a lot of good people
up there
these folks put their lives into this
now they can put their lives into
something else you're gonna say
something about it just a moment of
silence
sorry might end already I don't know how
that works hey Lola where'd you gonna
sing a song for us
I only know my own songs well sing while
I'm in there mostly about death oh I
[Music]
used to receive this show every week
greater than its time but the times are
life moves on bad jokes Lord about that
I've seen the song you sang last week
Wow give you my moonshine if you show me
your jug
[Music]
just a happy ending happy endings we
come from people who brought us up to
believe that life is a struggle and if
you should ever feel really happy be
patient this will pass
[Music]
[Applause]
that's where
oh you might think about cutting down on
the desserts and also possibly sex with
men
[Applause]
you